d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\SportsStore.Domain.dll
d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\SportsStore.Domain.pdb
d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\obj\Debug\SportsStore.Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\obj\Debug\SportsStore.Domain.dll
d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\obj\Debug\SportsStore.Domain.pdb
d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\SportsStore.Domain.dll.config
d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\users\ко\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStore\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
